Add note to capture all the improvements to client server connection (#86)
o3de/sig-release: releases/22.10.0/22100 feature list.md

**sig-network**

> * Multiple improvements to the client server connection experience, including debug text to convery current step in connection process, along with connection status ImGui display and new ImGUI menu options.

Reviewer: “Multiple improvements to the client and server connection experience, including debug text in the viewport to convery current step in connection process, connection status, and new ImGUI menu options.”
- Changed “client server” to “client and server” just to be sure it’s not confused with the client server host type.
- Connection status is displayed as debug text in the viewport separate from the ImGui menu (although it was suggested adding it there as well)

Author: See new edit for update

> * Multiple improvements to the client server connection experience, including debug text to convery current step in connection process, along with connection status ImGui display and new ImGUI menu options.

Author: ```suggestion
* Multiple improvements to the client and server connection experience, including debug text to convey the current step in connection process, debug connection status messaging in game and new ImGUI menu options in the Launchers.
```
